Clarify restore-keys description (#16922)
github/docs: content/actions/using-workflows/caching-dependencies-to-speed-up-workflows.md

          ~/.gradle/wrapper
    ```
  - With `v1` of the `cache` action, only a single path is supported and it must be a directory. You cannot cache a single file.

> - `restore-keys`: **Optional** A string containing alternative restore keys, with each restore key placed on a new line. If no cache hit occurred for `key`, these restore keys are used sequentially in the order provided to find and restore a cache. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `restore-keys`: **Optional** A string containing alternative restore keys, with each restore key placed on a new line. If no cache hit occurred for `key`,  an alternative cache is identified by sequentially applying the restore keys in the order provided. For example:
```

Reviewer 2: ```
- - [ ] > ~~
~~
```

Author: Hmmm, I don't think that 'applying' is the right word here, but thanks for the suggestion!

Reviewer 2: > ```suggestion
> - `restore-keys`: **Optional** A string containing alternative restore keys, with each restore key placed on a new line. If no cache hit occurred for `key`,  an alternative cache is identified by sequentially applying the restore keys in the order provided. For example:
> ```

          ~/.gradle/wrapper
    ```
  - With `v1` of the `cache` action, only a single path is supported and it must be a directory. You cannot cache a single file.

> - `restore-keys`: **Optional** A string containing alternative restore keys, with each restore key placed on a new line. If no cache hit occurred for `key`, these restore keys are used sequentially in the order provided to find and restore a cache.

Author: @vsvipul ok, I think we'll just end up adding a brief example ahead of the review plan. 

````suggestion
- `restore-keys`: **Optional** A string containing alternative restore keys, with each restore key placed on a new line. If no cache hit occurred for `key`, these restore keys are used sequentially in the order provided to find and restore a cache. For example:

  {% raw %}
  ```yaml
  restore-keys: |
    npm-foobar-${{ hashFiles('package-lock.json') }}
    npm-foobar-
    npm-
  ```
  {% endraw %}
````

> - `restore-keys`: **Optional** A multiline string containing alternative restore keys, with each restore key being on a new line. If no cache hit occurred for `key`, these restore keys are used sequentially in the order provided to find and restore a cache.

Reviewer 3: Optional: Perhaps s/being/placed?
Also, are "sequentially" + "in the order provided" repeating the the intent?

Author: > Optional: Perhaps s/being/placed?

Yep, I like that!

```suggestion
- `restore-keys`: **Optional** A multiline string containing alternative restore keys, with each restore key placed on a new line. If no cache hit occurred for `key`, these restore keys are used sequentially in the order provided to find and restore a cache.
```

>  Also, are "sequentially" + "in the order provided" repeating the the intent?

Not really; "sequentially" meaning that it searches for them one after the other, and "in the order provided" being the order in which they're checked. I'm open to changing it if you can think of a better wording.

Reviewer 3: Fair enough. 🤷 I can read and interpret it both ways, so I'll leave the final decision to change (or not!) up to you.

> - `restore-keys`: **Optional** A multiline string containing alternative restore keys, with each restore key placed on a new line. If no cache hit occurred for `key`, these restore keys are used sequentially in the order provided to find and restore a cache.

Author: ```suggestion
- `restore-keys`: **Optional** A string containing alternative restore keys, with each restore key placed on a new line. If no cache hit occurred for `key`, these restore keys are used sequentially in the order provided to find and restore a cache.
```
